copy edits (#245)
CMSgov/bcda-static-site: _pages/partially-adjudicated-claims-data.md

<!-- Accordion content -->
{% capture a0AccordionContent %}
REACH ACOs can visit <a href="{{ '/production-access.html' | relative_url }}">Production Access</a> to get credentials and use V2 of the API to begin accessing data.
{% endcapture %}

{% capture a1AccordionContent %}

> Adjudication is Medicare’s process of reviewing and approving claims. It involves submission, validation, review, and approval. <a href="{{ '/about.html' | relative_url }}#claims-data-process">Learn more about the claims data process</a>. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adjudication is Medicare’s process of reviewing and approving claims. It involves submission, validation, review, and approval. <a href="{{ '/about.html#claims-data-process' | relative_url }}">Learn more about the claims data process</a>. 
```

Reviewer: This should work either way, but keeping it inside brackets consistent
